[VirusTotal] Return DBotScore and fix suspicious threshold (#32677)
demisto/content: Packs/VirusTotal/ReleaseNotes/2_6_17.md

#### Integrations

##### VirusTotal (API v3)

> - Fix relationship suspicious threshold default value for running instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **relationship suspicious threshold** default value was not found for running instances.
```
Did I understand the issue correctly?

> - Fix an issue where the **ip** command was returning no score.
> - Fix an issue where the **domain** command was returning no score.
> - Fix an issue where the **url** command was returning no score.
> - Fix an issue where the **file** command was returning no score.
> - Fix an issue where the **private_file** command was returning no score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **ip** command was returning no score.
- Fixed an issue where the **domain** command was returning no score.
- Fixed an issue where the **url** command was returning no score.
- Fixed an issue where the **file** command was returning no score.
- Fixed an issue where the **private_file** command was returning no score.
```
